Master Wang, haven't you just been here?
Why are you back?
Hmph, of course I took back the congratulatory gift.
Take back the congratulatory gift
Has my identity been exposed?
What do I do now? How do I know?
This is the mysterious group
Order from Chairperson Du
How dare I not listen
Yang Qianfeng, have you offended Mr. Du?
It's the top Shenwei Group in the Dragon Kingdom.
But I don't know them at all
He never explained anything to Mr. Du
Shanshan
What the hell is going on?
Shanshan, what does your cousin want to do?
Yang Qianfeng, you are really an idiot
That's it.
Don't you know who is the eldest lady of the Luo family?
What are you, Miss Luo?
Damn Yang Xianfeng
How dare you lie to us?
I don't want to live anymore
Shanshan, what the hell is going on?
Are you the eldest lady of the Luo family?
Shut up
I am the real Miss Luo
This person is nothing more than a stinky village girl
I snuck out of my house
My cousin is trying to force me to go back
The gift will be withdrawn.